right it's my Honda rune I'll give a
quick walk around it and I didn't like
the standard exhaust no it was too quiet
for me so friend of mine has cut a hole
underneath the chrome you can just take
them chrome covers off
he's completely removed all of the
internal baffles and pipe work
it's very bit junk inside there they now
totally open to open exhaust not overly
loud because it's but but much deeper
than standard trial started up and
anyone who's thinking about doing this
modification can listen to it not sure
how good a quality this camera is for
sound that you should get some idea if
you play a YouTube clip of a standard
one
give it a little breath
than here the load giant if you stand
around behind on the left or the right